The Joe Rogan experience.
Yeah, no, it's complicated. And it's getting well, that's the thing of like,
it feels like the level of danger and difficulty in the world is just getting
steeper by the day. We're like, wait, what?
And then there's always global warming and you're like, oh.
Did you see if a, the science guy, bill Nye going crazy screaming.
And he was on elevator. The planet's on fire and yeah, let's get a little.
Silly. Yeah. I, no problem.
We're all right. Go to Antarctica plants on a fire.
Uh, no, I saw things that Antarctica was like 84 degrees. Oh my God.
It's on fire.
I mean, yeah. You really see something.
It was 84. Yeah. Something in the dark circles, 84 degrees, like three days ago,
that.
What.
It's going to be, uh, it's going to be,
do you ever think about like global warming,
but really what it will look like? Like in 70 years,
what it will do to the art? Like,
and I'm not talking about just Miami's gone or any that's like
incredibly like, crazy to think about it. Like that.
Fathomable, those Miami people. They're going to move other places.
And ruin. That's probably the biggest, that's my biggest worry.
He goes, could it be Lamborghinis dudes yelling at girls.
And Spanish eating outside. Everyone's eating outside, but like,
would you get indoors? You maniac though. A lot of salsa. I love going salsa.
And like North Carolina, like the out of here.
Salsa dancing the out of here with a dead ain't bet. Dang. Um,
that's a good bit.
They're like another country that's attached to Florida.
Yeah. It's like Europe. It's I always say it's like people,
do you see like Italian people, like in Beverly Hills or Miami? And,
and I would say to my friend, those are people that were too for eight LA.
They're like, oh, we got to take it to the next level Miami.
And then that deep, deep, uh, yeah, that, but,
but you think about like Kenya, like not like 28 days later, but like,
you know, like huge, like scary, scary,
especially cause we're going to be near dead and no
disrespect. You're not going to be in the same shape you're in now.
And you're not you do. I mean, people may give you respect, but like,
it's going to be so sad.
Gary, we're going to have to move to the mountains.
Where would you move the hit the fan. Somebody.
Sam. Uh who's what's Callan's friend. Sam ciders. Mine. Sam Cedar.
No, Sam I'm the fighter's mind. He wrote him.
And how can I not remember his name?
Yeah. Um, hold on a second.
I'll tell you real quick.
This is going to be worth it guys. Listeners. This is Sam, Sam, Sharon.
That's right. Sam. Sam. Sure. Thank you. Told me 10 years ago.
It stuck with me go to the marina because I live in Venice.
He's like go to the marina and basically just get
basically you got to pay to get on a boat or just be like,
I will be the hard part is how do I qualify to like,
I can help you. Right? Cause I get seasick. Here's what I have going for me.
Seasick buoys. Cause you just get away. You get away from, from LA.
Anyone you get away from uh,
NLAs case millions and millions of people. And you can,
if there's a attacker, you can see them.
You assume that they're not going to be like, you know,
seal teams coming onto your boat tackers. Well, I know. That's what I mean.
Like how crazy could it get?
Yeah, you got to go to Alaska. The, how do you get there?
It's a good call on, do you, can you drive reports, closed.
Airport or lights.
Connected. Right? You could drive.
Right? You could technically drive. Yeah. Technically.
Cut off that road all the time. And like the Napa valley.
Cause the landslide or.
Oh yeah, you going to go. And you're. Yeah.
It's like Burr's got the helicopter, but he he's got to go to get it.
Yeah. That's his escape.
Uh, you had a great bit about that. It's black and white. Special. Yeah. Yeah.
I would move north. I'd probably move somewhere. That was a,
if I could just go to a place, if I knew, I just had to get to a place.
I would go to a place that is sustainable. Like a,
whether it's Alaska or Minnesota or Michigan somewhere,
there's a lot of animals and there's wildlife and you have, you have cold.
You have water. You have a lot like cold is better than heat because cold,
you can make a fire.
Like if you have shelter and you can make a fire in the cold, you can live.
I have a counter-argument, which is I don't. I,
the cold kills more people than he.
Hypothermia. Yes. But that's just because you know,
people are unprepared for it. You can prepare for cold with clothing.
You can't really prepare for heat with clothing, with heat,
you need air conditioning and you need water. Those are things that, yeah,
you need something.
If you live in like there's people that have lived in very cold climates,
as long as they have a good house and they have a good supply of wood,
they're fine. If you live in the desert, man, you kind of. You're kinda.
If the power goes out, you don't really have anything to keep you. Cool.
You have to stay in the shade and stay in doors, but it's not good enough.
And it's 110 degrees inside and it's 125.
You're hydrated though. I don't think you will just die from IX,
from heat exposure.
And you won't, but you're not going to find a lot of water.
One of the problems with global warming is going to be that things like lakes,
lakes, and streams are going to, there's going to be less.
There's gonna be less water. It's gonna be less dribbling down to the creeks.
Creeks are gonna dry up. Streams will dry up.
You're gonna have a hard time getting water. If you're in a desert environment.
If you have by, by the same token, if you have enough water,
you have as much water as you have would obviously the it's not a one-to-one
analogy. Cause you can go get more wood easily.
But if you had a shitload of water, right? If you just had like,
I hear your thought about getting cold,
but I don't know if I had shade. I guess you don't. I guess with cold,
you don't have to have electricity.
You don't have to have electricity with cold.
And also you have more of an opportunity to find animals.
You'll find more animals in cold climates and you're going to forge delicious
animals.
For sure. Yeah.
More things to eat, but you might, you could still easily starved to death.
Like the idea that it's easy to go out there and shoot a bunch of animals and
eat them all the time. Like not most places,
most places you don't have an abundant enough supply of wildlife.
You're also a guy who does archery. Yeah.
I know.
You have skills.
For this. And I would still be panicked. I'd be like, this is not good.
If I had to feed my family with a bow and arrow, first of all, I'd say, okay,
how many arrows do I have? I would have to make sure that I have enough arrows.
I mean, you'd have to practice to archery is not like a rifle.
If I have a hundred rounds, I can kill a hundred things.
I don't really need to practice that much of my rifles on off I can.
I have good trigger discipline. I'll pull through the shot.
I'll try not to flinch. And I'm not going to take.
Any unwritten things. I have no idea what you're telling me.
Shooting. You don't want to anticipate.
You want to anticipate you don't want to flinch when the trigger goes up.
So a lot of guys like Tim Kennedy, who's a friend of mine. Who's a,
one of the baddest in the world. He'll practice with dummy rounds.
So he has regular bullets and then four bullets. They're just not real bullets.
So it was like bang, bang, bang, click. And then the has to get rid of that,
that bullet. But he leaves,
he knows if he was flinching because if you're flinching,
you'll see this movement where there is no, no gun goes off.
The bullet doesn't go off.
But you make that weird moot because you're anticipating the shot.
And that's the way to train yourself out of it.
Yeah. You have to do something like that.
You have to have what's called triggered discipline. Well, first of all,
trigger, discipline means don't put your finger on the trigger,
but also the way you squeeze, you got to just squeeze, squeeze, squeeze,
squeeze, and let the shot go out by surprise and not react to it.
It's the same thing with a bow and arrow. You have to have a surprise shot.
You want, you want it to just, do you want to concentrate on the target zone?
Which feels like you kind of can't even be there.
Meaning like you just have to be like, I'm doing a thing. You know?
Like you can't think about the release. You have to just think about the target.
That's very astute of you. There's actually courses.
There's a guy named Joel Turner who has this whole course called, uh,
shot IQ. He's a, he teaches 'em um,
first responders like SWAT teams and triggered discipline and about
how to, how to shoot properly under pressure. And uh,
he works with people with archery, for this, with the same thing. Cause it's,
it's a psychological thing to be able to. But my point is with a bow and arrow,
you're kind of. You, you need a lot of arrows.
You need to make sure that Bo's going to stay okay with animal to.
Like, like a deer deer deer, a bear would be like the most edible thing. Yeah.
And you want a bear. If you have a bear,
you can eat that for a long time and you can take that fat and you could render
the fat down, use it for cooking and use it for, you know,
you could do a lot of things with it. And that meat is a lot of meat.
Anything big, you want a big animal because you want to be able to dry it out,
make jerky.
You want to have something that's going to sustain you for a few days or weeks
until you find another animal.
You don't want to dig a hole in the ground to make some sort of cold storage.
You want to get below like the frost line. You.
Got to protect it from.
Other bears. Yeah. You gotta,
you're going to have to do a lot of things and you're probably not going to make
enough food. It sounds hard. It's the hardest.
Every time I go on a hunting trip, I always think like,
imagine if this is the only way I could get food,
it's so hard to get close to an animal. It's so hard. Yeah.
People see videos of it like on YouTube and there's the deer and you draw your
bow back and you hit it in the heart and the deer's down and everybody
celebrates well,
you don't see as days and days of king all day long, just go.
If you could watch from a live stream of the moment of hunt,
start to the moment you're successful. And you just sat through the whole thing,
like as a games of Thrones marathon, then you would understand it.
But even then you wouldn't really cause you wouldn't be out there in the cold
exhausted hiking, uphill going thousands of feet up and down in elevation.
And then the wind shifts and the deer smells unit darts off. You're like,
it's hard, man. It's like tedious. And to survive off of that,
see I'm doing it for my own food. But if I don't get a deer, I'm going to live.
I'll go to a restaurant.
If your only option is deer that you catch and kill and find your
shot are sick. Oh my God.
And he got to catch a deer.
Um, that's when you wonder, you know, you wonder, how am I going to,
am I going to watch them starve to death?